Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience and to respect the fury of nature.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
There are moments when all anxiety and stated toil are becalmed in the infinite leisure and repose of nature.
My wish is to stay always like this, living quietly in a corner of nature.
In nature, light creates the color. In the picture, color creates the light.
We need to find God, and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness. God is the friend of silence. See how nature - trees, flowers, grass- grows in silence; see the stars, the moon and the sun, how they move in silence... We need silence to be able to touch souls.
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
One touch of nature makes the whole world kin.
Let the rain kiss you. Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing you a lullaby.
If the sight of the blue skies fills you with joy, if a blade of grass springing up in the fields has power to move you, if the simple things of nature have a message that you understand, rejoice, for your soul is alive.
Keep close to Nature's heart... and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods. Wash your spirit clean.
In nature, nothing is perfect and everything is perfect. Trees can be contorted, bent in weird ways, and they're still beautiful.
All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.
The rain began again. It fell heavily, easily, with no meaning or intention but the fulfilment of its own nature, which was to fall and fall.
It is not light that we need, but fire; it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the whirlwind, and the earthquake.
Nature always wears the colors of the spirit.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
Earth and sky, woods and fields, lakes and rivers, the mountain and the sea, are excellent schoolmasters, and teach some of us more than we can ever learn from books.
Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.
Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me.
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
No better way is there to learn to love Nature than to understand Art. It dignifies every flower of the field. And, the boy who sees the thing of beauty which a bird on the wing becomes when transferred to wood or canvas will probably not throw the customary stone.
Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy - your work becomes a dance with light and the weather. It takes you to a place within yourself.
You and I are, by birth, by nature, and by choice, inwardly depraved, which is to say that we are entirely corrupt. That's not to say that we have no good in us; we do. However, anything good in us has been tainted with evil. It touches everything. Without the redeeming power of Christ we cannot halt our own moral slide.
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar; I love not Man the less, but Nature more.
Nature is the one song of praise that never stops singing.
I have lived pain, and my life can tell: I only deepen the wound of the world when I neglect to give thanks the heavy perfume of wild roses in early July and the song of crickets on summer humid nights and the rivers that run and the stars that rise and the rain that falls and all the good things that a good God gives.
The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity... and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
Truth is, I'll never know all there is to know about you just as you will never know all there is to know about me. Humans are by nature too complicated to be understood fully. So, we can choose either to approach our fellow human beings with suspicion or to approach them with an open mind, a dash of optimism and a great deal of candour.
That the sea is one of the most beautiful and magnificent sights in Nature, all admit.
So many times, people told me I can't do this or can't do that. My nature is that I don't listen very well. I'm very determined, and I believe in myself. My parents brought me up that way. Thank God for that. I don't let anything stand in my way.
For in the true nature of things, if we rightly consider, every green tree is far more glorious than if it were made of gold and silver.
All my life through, the new sights of Nature made me rejoice like a child.
I have always believed that your face is a mirror to your nature.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.
Being alone on the moors is scary; as the rain clouds settle in, it makes you realise your place in nature.
The three great elemental sounds in nature are the sound of rain, the sound of wind in a primeval wood, and the sound of outer ocean on a beach.
The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep.
The glory of gardening: hands in the dirt, head in the sun, heart with nature. To nurture a garden is to feed not just on the body, but the soul.
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
Nature's beauty is a gift that cultivates appreciation and gratitude.
Green is the prime color of the world, and that from which its loveliness arises.
The sky is the part of creation in which nature has done for the sake of pleasing man.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.
One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
Flowers are the sweetest things God ever made and forgot to put a soul into.
Nature is the source of all true knowledge. She has her own logic, her own laws, she has no effect without cause nor invention without necessity.
To me a lush carpet of pine needles or spongy grass is more welcome than the most luxurious Persian rug.
The best thing one can do when it's raining is to let it rain.
Tears are nature's lotion for the eyes. The eyes see better for being washed by them.
Never measure the height of a mountain until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was.
Every particular in nature, a leaf, a drop, a crystal, a moment of time is related to the whole, and partakes of the perfection of the whole.
I'm continually inspired by nature, and the rainbow is one of nature's greatest optical phenomenons. The sighting of a rainbow never fails to bring a smile to people's faces. They signify optimism and positivity: with them comes the sunshine after the rain.
Clouds symbolize the veils that shroud God.
Nature's far too subtle to repeat herself.
Oh, the summer night, Has a smile of light, And she sits on a sapphire throne.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
It's really important to have balance, spend some time in nature, go to a few parties, enjoy my friends and really chill out.
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.
Do activities you're passionate about - which make your heart and soul feel perky - including things like working out, cooking, painting, writing, yoga, hiking, walking, swimming, being in nature, being around art, or reading inspiring books.
The key to nature's therapy is feeling like a tiny part of it, not a master over it. There's amazing pride in seeing a bee land on a flower you planted - but that's not your act of creation, it's your act of joining in.
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear.
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.
Even when I see a beautiful woman, I think, 'Aw, her life must be amazing.' Everyone does it. That's human nature to believe that beauty is everything.
Death is the ugly fact which Nature has to hide, and she hides it well.
There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism.
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.
Nothing is more memorable than a smell. One scent can be unexpected, momentary and fleeting, yet conjure up a childhood summer beside a lake in the mountains.
If people sat outside and looked at the stars each night, I'll bet they'd live a lot differently.
Nature is impersonal, awe-inspiring, elegant, eternal. It's geometrically perfect. It's tiny and gigantic. You can travel far to be in a beautiful natural setting, or you can observe it in your backyard - or, in my case, in the trees lining New York City sidewalks, or in the clouds above skyscrapers.
Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.
A happy life is one which is in accordance with its own nature.
Mere goodness can achieve little against the power of nature.
After you have exhausted what there is in business, politics, conviviality, and so on - have found that none of these finally satisfy, or permanently wear - what remains? Nature remains.
In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty.
Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help. Gardening is an instrument of grace.
The garden suggests there might be a place where we can meet nature halfway.
One of the first conditions of happiness is that the link between Man and Nature shall not be broken.
And out of darkness came the hands that reach thro' nature, moulding men.
Nature is ever at work building and pulling down, creating and destroying, keeping everything whirling and flowing, allowing no rest but in rhythmical motion, chasing everything in endless song out of one beautiful form into another.
To feel much for others and little for ourselves; to restrain our selfishness and exercise our benevolent affections, constitute the perfection of human nature.
Love is a portion of the soul itself, and it is of the same nature as the celestial breathing of the atmosphere of paradise.
I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars.
I think that I shall never see a poem lovely as a tree.
Fishes live in the sea, as men do a-land; the great ones eat up the little ones.
My soul can find no staircase to Heaven unless it be through Earth's loveliness.
Human nature is evil, and goodness is caused by intentional activity.
Rain is grace; rain is the sky descending to the earth; without rain, there would be no life.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
Listen to the sounds of nature. Wishing you the best on your trek towards your dreams.
Modern science says: 'The sun is the past, the earth is the present, the moon is the future.' From an incandescent mass we have originated, and into a frozen mass we shall turn. Merciless is the law of nature, and rapidly and irresistibly we are drawn to our doom.
Mother Nature is the great equalizer. You can't get away from it.
Eventually, my eyes were opened, and I really understood nature. I learned to love at the same time.
For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Go forth under the open sky, and list To Nature's teachings.
There is nothing is more musical than a sunset. He who feels what he sees will find no more beautiful example of development in all that book which, alas, musicians read but too little - the book of Nature.
Nature, like man, sometimes weeps from gladness.
Nature doesn't need people - people need nature; nature would survive the extinction of the human being and go on just fine, but human culture, human beings, cannot survive without nature.
What makes a river so restful to people is that it doesn't have any doubt - it is sure to get where it is going, and it doesn't want to go anywhere else.
Take a course in good water and air; and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone; no harm will befall you.
Every flower is a soul blossoming in nature.
May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds.
God and Nature first made us what we are, and then out of our own created genius we make ourselves what we want to be. Follow always that great law. Let the sky and God be our limit and Eternity our measurement.
Going to the woods is going home, for I suppose we came from the woods originally. But in some of nature's forests, the adventurous traveler seems a feeble, unwelcome creature; wild beasts and the weather trying to kill him, the rank, tangled vegetation, armed with spears and stinging needles, barring his way and making life a hard struggle.
My god is all gods in one. When I see a beautiful sunset, I worship the god of Nature; when I see a hidden action brought to light, I worship the god of Truth; when I see a bad man punished and a good man go free, I worship the god of Justice; when I see a penitent forgiven, I worship the god of Mercy.
The sea, once it casts its spell, holds one in its net of wonder forever.
If we do not voluntarily bring population growth under control in the next one or two decades, the nature will do it for us in the most brutal way, whether we like it or not.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world the master calls a butterfly.
To such an extent does nature delight and abound in variety that among her trees there is not one plant to be found which is exactly like another; and not only among the plants, but among the boughs, the leaves and the fruits, you will not find one which is exactly similar to another.
The sky broke like an egg into full sunset and the water caught fire.
Nature will bear the closest inspection. She invites us to lay our eye level with her smallest leaf, and take an insect view of its plain.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
There are three principal means of acquiring knowledge... observation of nature, reflection, and experimentation. Observation collects facts; reflection combines them; experimentation verifies the result of that combination.
What is mathematics? It is only a systematic effort of solving puzzles posed by nature.
Look out into the universe and contemplate the glory of God. Observe the stars, millions of them, twinkling in the night sky, all with a message of unity, part of the very nature of God.
The sea is everything. It covers seven tenths of the terrestrial globe. Its breath is pure and healthy. It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides.
Maybe it's stress or anger or adrenaline or disillusionment or a bullying nature or simple fear of getting killed themselves, but there is a problem if a cop cannot tell the difference between a menacing gangster and the far more common person they encounter whose life is a little frayed and messy.
The day of the sun is like the day of a king. It is a promenade in the morning, a sitting on the throne at noon, a pageant in the evening.
All the lessons are in nature. You look at the way rocks are formed - the wind and the water hitting them, shaping them, making them what they are. Things take time, you know?
If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god.
Another thing I like to do is sit back and take in nature. To look at the birds, listen to their singing, go hiking, camping and jogging and running, walking along the beach, playing games and sometimes being alone with the great outdoors. It's very special to me.
The rainbow is a part of nature, and you have to be in the right place to see it. It's beautiful, all of the colors, even the colors you can't see. That really fit us as a people because we are all of the colors. Our sexuality is all of the colors. We are all the genders, races, and ages.
I don't like formal gardens. I like wild nature. It's just the wilderness instinct in me, I guess.
The greatest development is achieved during the first years of life, and therefore it is then that the greatest care should be taken. If this is done, then the child does not become a burden; he will reveal himself as the greatest marvel of nature.
There's design, and there's art. Good design is total harmony. There's no better designer than nature - if you look at a branch or a leaf, it's perfect. It's all function. Art is different. It's about emotion. It's about suffering and beauty - but mostly suffering!
In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
As a spiritual person, nature for me has always been a healing place. Going back all the way to my childhood on the farm, the fields and forests were places of adventure and self-discovery. Animals were companions and friends, and the world moved at a slower, more rational pace than the bustling cities where I'd resided my adult life.
The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
When all the world appears to be in a tumult, and nature itself is feeling the assault of climate change, the seasons retain their essential rhythm. Yes, fall gives us a premonition of winter, but then, winter, will be forced to relent, once again, to the new beginnings of soft greens, longer light, and the sweet air of spring.
I can find God in nature, in animals, in birds and the environment.
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased or obscured by mortal power.
What is tolerance? It is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly - that is the first law of nature.
Wolves and women are relational by nature, inquiring, possessed of great endurance and strength. They are deeply intuitive, intensely concerned with their young, their mate and their pack. Yet both have been hounded, harassed and falsely imputed to be devouring and devious, overly aggressive, of less value than those who are their detractors.
I'm always astonished by a forest. It makes me realise that the fantasy of nature is much larger than my own fantasy. I still have things to learn.
How strange that nature does not knock, and yet does not intrude!
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Study hard so that you can master technology, which allows us to master nature.
Ah, summer, what power you have to make us suffer and like it.
If we could establish a deep abiding relationship with nature, we would never kill an animal for our appetite; we would never harm, vivisect, a monkey, a dog, a guinea pig for our benefit. We would find other ways to heal our wounds, heal our bodies.
My illness has taught me something about the nature of humanity, love, brotherhood and relationships that I never understood, and probably never would have. So, from that standpoint, there is some truth and good in everything.
The year 2100 will see eugenics universally established. In past ages, the law governing the survival of the fittest roughly weeded out the less desirable strains. Then man's new sense of pity began to interfere with the ruthless workings of nature. As a result, we continue to keep alive and to breed the unfit.
Blue thou art, intensely blue; Flower, whence came thy dazzling hue?
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature.
I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time.
By nature, I keep moving, man. My theory is, be the shark. You've just got to keep moving. You can't stop.
Corruption, embezzlement, fraud, these are all characteristics which exist everywhere. It is regrettably the way human nature functions, whether we like it or not. What successful economies do is keep it to a minimum. No one has ever eliminated any of that stuff.
The temple bell stops but I still hear the sound coming out of the flowers.
Nature's great masterpiece, an elephant; the only harmless great thing.
The mountains are calling and I must go.
Yoga is a method for restraining the natural turbulence of thoughts, which otherwise impartially prevent all men, of all lands, from glimpsing their true nature of Spirit. Yoga cannot know a barrier of East and West any more than does the healing and equitable light of the sun.
Nature is the glass reflecting God, as by the sea reflected is the sun, too glorious to be gazed on in his sphere.
There are times as a parent when you realize that your job is not to be the parent you always imagined you'd be, the parent you always wished you had. Your job is to be the parent your child needs, given the particulars of his or her own life and nature.
All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire.
And this, our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.
External nature is only internal nature writ large.
Human society sustains itself by transforming nature into garbage.
It is a holy blessing to be born with the exquisite qualities of a daughter of God. Women of God, both old and young, are spiritual and sensitive, tender and gentle. They have a kind, nurturing nature. This is your inheritance. Never belittle the gifts God has given to you. Develop the divinity that is within you.
What I call my 'self' now is hardly a person at all. It's mainly a meeting place for various natural forces, desires, and fears, etcetera, some of which come from my ancestors, and some from my education, some perhaps from devils. The self you were really intended to be is something that lives not from nature but from God.
He that will enjoy the brightness of sunshine, must quit the coolness of the shade.
Forests, lakes, and rivers, clouds and winds, stars and flowers, stupendous glaciers and crystal snowflakes - every form of animate or inanimate existence, leaves its impress upon the soul of man.
Birds have wings; they're free; they can fly where they want when they want. They have the kind of mobility many people envy.
Those who seek to satisfy the mind of man by hampering it with ceremonies and music and affecting charity and devotion have lost their original nature.
I think the healthy way to live is to make friends with the beast inside oneself, and that means not the beast but the shadow. The dark side of one's nature. Have fun with it and you know, is to accept everything about ourselves.
Self-confidence has always been one of my good qualities. I am always very confident. It is in my nature to be confident, to be aggressive. And it applies in my batting as well as wicketkeeping.
If you can't sit in a cafe quietly and be ignored, how can you observe human nature and write a story?
I'm experimental by nature... always exploring my creativity.
Our minds and memories are crowded with the common experience of nature.
I think we're going to the moon because it's in the nature of the human being to face challenges. It's by the nature of his deep inner soul... we're required to do these things just as salmon swim upstream.
Art is a harmony parallel with nature.
What's a butterfly garden without butterflies?
The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do.
Now that I'm older, I have a much better appreciation of nature, and I love being alone.
I'm a real nature lover, so whenever possible, I like to get to the beach or get to a forest or get somewhere there's fresh air. Apart from that, I'm a film addict and a DVD freak.
Whenever I get fed up with life I love to go wandering in nature.
Trying to understand the way nature works involves a most terrible test of human reasoning ability. It involves subtle trickery, beautiful tightropes of logic on which one has to walk in order not to make a mistake in predicting what will happen. The quantum mechanical and the relativity ideas are examples of this.
Race hate isn't human nature; race hate is the abandonment of human nature.
Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment.
I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.
Human nature is such that people are born with a love of profit If they follow these inclinations, they will struggle and snatch from each other, and inclinations to defer or yield will die.
What is the good of your stars and trees, your sunrise and the wind, if they do not enter into our daily lives?
The earth laughs in flowers.
Everyone can identify with a fragrant garden, with beauty of sunset, with the quiet of nature, with a warm and cozy cottage.
At the end of the day, you can't compete with Mother Nature. If you've got a great tomato, just a pinch of sea salt is all you need.
If you are fearful, a horse will back off. If you are calm and confident, it will come forward. For those who are often flattered or feared, the horse can be a welcome mirror of the best in human nature.
Electrical science has revealed to us the true nature of light, has provided us with innumerable appliances and instruments of precision, and has thereby vastly added to the exactness of our knowledge.
In the same way the sun never grows weary of shining, nor a stream of flowing, it is God's nature to keep His promises. Therefore, go immediately to His throne and say, 'Do as You promised.'
Revolution is as unpredictable as an earthquake and as beautiful as spring. Its coming is always a surprise, but its nature should not be.
I went to South Africa on safari and came eye to eye with a beautiful leopard. We were so close; I was staring at him for a long time and I felt a recognition with my own nature.
'O sleep, O gentle sleep,' I thought gratefully, 'Nature's soft nurse!'
Reinforced concrete buildings are by nature skeletal buildings. No noodles nor armoured turrets. A construction of girders that carry the weight, and walls that carry no weight. That is to say, buildings consisting of skin and bones.
Don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines.
Mother Nature is always speaking. She speaks in a language understood within the peaceful mind of the sincere observer. Leopards, cobras, monkeys, rivers and trees; they all served as my teachers when I lived as a wanderer in the Himalayan foothills.
The violets in the mountains have broken the rocks.
I am following Nature without being able to grasp her, I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers.
There are no straight lines or sharp corners in nature. Therefore, buildings must have no straight lines or sharp corners.
The greatest error of a man is to think that he is weak by nature, evil by nature. Every man is divine and strong in his real nature. What are weak and evil are his habits, his desires and thoughts, but not himself.
The ground we walk on, the plants and creatures, the clouds above constantly dissolving into new formations - each gift of nature possessing its own radiant energy, bound together by cosmic harmony.
Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher.
We could only solve our problems by cooperating with other countries. It would have been paradoxical not to cooperate. And therefore we needed to put an end to the Iron Curtain, to change the nature of international relations, to rid them of ideological confrontation, and particularly to end the arms race.
The happiness of the bee and the dolphin is to exist. For man it is to know that and to wonder at it.
The true way to be humble is not to stoop until you are smaller than yourself, but to stand at your real height against some higher nature that will show you what the real smallness of your greatness is.
Deep in their roots, all flowers keep the light.
I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty.
It is odd that we have so little relationship with nature, with the insects and the leaping frog and the owl that hoots among the hills calling for its mate. We never seem to have a feeling for all living things on the earth.
Mother Nature made me the way I am, and I should be happy.
In nature we never see anything isolated, but everything in connection with something else which is before it, beside it, under it and over it.
The strongest argument against totalitarianism may be a recognition of a universal human nature; that all humans have innate desires for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. The doctrine of the blank slate... is a totalitarian's dream.
Human nature and deliberate effort must unite, and then the reputation of the sage and the work of unifying all under Heaven are thereupon brought to completion.
Modern morality and manners suppress all natural instincts, keep people ignorant of the facts of nature and make them fighting drunk on bogey tales.
There are two places where I can completely relax: in nature and by the piano.
A forest bird never wants a cage.
Because of the nature of King Arthur and the resonance he has, not only with within the U.K., but right around the world, I have found it a huge honour to play the part. I will look back on it very fondly and be very proud to have been King Arthur when I finally hang up the chain mail!
I hold grudges, but I can't hate nobody; that's not my nature.
It is the nature of the strong heart, that like the palm tree it strives ever upwards when it is most burdened.
I'm in love with red. I think it's such a passionate color. Every flag of every country pretty much has red it it. It's power, there's no fence sitting with red. Either you love it or you don't. I think its blood and strength and life. I do love red. I love all colors. Great shades of blue, you find them in nature. They're all magic.
God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools.
Juvenile crime is not naturally born in the boy, but is largely due either to the spirit of adventure that is in him, to his own stupidity, or to his lack of discipline, according to the nature of the individual.
Reading about nature is fine, but if a person walks in the woods and listens carefully, he can learn more than what is in books, for they speak with the voice of God.
Sunset is still my favorite color, and rainbow is second.
To prefer evil to good is not in human nature; and when a man is compelled to choose one of two evils, no one will choose the greater when he might have the less.
To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee, One clover, and a bee, And revery. The revery alone will do, If bees are few.
Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience. Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence.
I did not want to be a tree, a flower or a wave. In a dancer's body, we as audience must see ourselves, not the imitated behavior of everyday actions, not the phenomenon of nature, not exotic creatures from another planet, but something of the miracle that is a human being.
There is no limit to suffering human beings have been willing to inflict on others, no matter how innocent, no matter how young, and no matter how old. This fact must lead all reasonable human beings, that is, all human beings who take evidence seriously, to draw only one possible conclusion: Human nature is not basically good.
Sunsets are so beautiful that they almost seem as if we were looking through the gates of Heaven.
To sit in the shade on a fine day and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment.
The artist is the confidant of nature, flowers carry on dialogues with him through the graceful bending of their stems and the harmoniously tinted nuances of their blossoms. Every flower has a cordial word which nature directs towards him.
The peacock has become one of my regular sources of inspiration from nature.
The mystic cords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone, all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the angels of our nature.
Migration is as natural as breathing, as eating, as sleeping. It is part of life, part of nature. So we have to find a way of establishing a proper kind of scenario for modern migration to exist. And when I say 'we,' I mean the world. We need to find ways of making that migration not forced.
Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
Mistakes are almost always of a sacred nature. Never try to correct them. On the contrary: rationalize them, understand them thoroughly. After that, it will be possible for you to sublimate them.
We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of Nature has placed in our power... the battle, sir, is not to the strong alone it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.
I'm very inspired by nature - you could say Mother Nature. I look at things around me and get all kinds of inspiration daily.
Today we are searching for things in nature that are hidden behind the veil of appearance... We look for and paint this inner, spiritual side of nature.
Sweeter than the perfume of roses is a reputation for a kind, charitable, unselfish nature; a ready disposition to do to others any good turn in your power.
Reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled.
Well, one of the most important things for Americans to be reminded of is that a lot of the exceptional nature of our country is founded in Judeo-Christian values that promotes individualism, personal responsibility, a strong work ethic, and a commitment to family, charity.
The physical ego, the active consciousness in man, should uplift its body-identified self into unity with the soul, its true nature; it should not allow itself to remain mired in the lowly delusive strata of the senses and material entanglement.
There is no doubt that breath control is the means for mind control because the mind, like breath, is a part of air; because the nature of mobility is common to both; because the place of origin is the same for both; and because when one of them is controlled, the other gets controlled.
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.
It is good to realize that if love and peace can prevail on earth, and if we can teach our children to honor nature's gifts, the joys and beauties of the outdoors will be here forever.
All the seven deadly sins are man's true nature. To be greedy. To be hateful. To have lust. Of course, you have to control them, but if you're made to feel guilty for being human, then you're going to be trapped in a never-ending sin-and-repent cycle that you can't escape from.
There is no glory in star or blossom till looked upon by a loving eye; There is no fragrance in April breezes till breathed with joy as they wander by.
Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own; and from morning to night, as from the cradle to the grave, it is but a succession of changes so gentle and easy that we can scarcely mark their progress.
Fear not, we are of the nature of the lion, and cannot descend to the destruction of mice and such small beasts.
You shall, I question not, find a way to the top if you diligently seek for it; for nature hath placed nothing so high that it is out of the reach of industry and valor.
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Nature holds the key to our aesthetic, intellectual, cognitive and even spiritual satisfaction.
Some people are born good-looking. Some have the gift of gab. And some are lucky enough to be born smarter than the rest of us. Whether we like it or not, Mother Nature does not dole these characteristics out evenly.
I never saw a discontented tree. They grip the ground as though they liked it, and though fast rooted they travel about as far as we do.
It is not the language of painters but the language of nature which one should listen to, the feeling for the things themselves, for reality is more important than the feeling for pictures.
Nature study will show you how full of beautiful and wonderful things God has made the world for you to enjoy. Be contented with what you have got and make the best of it. Look on the bright side of things instead of the gloomy one.
My height doesn't define my skill set. To be a great quarterback, you have to have great leadership, great attention to detail and a relentless competitive nature - and I try to bring that on a daily basis.
If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin.
We have much to learn by studying nature and taking the time to tease out its secrets.
Who does not desire such a victory by which we shall join places in our Kingdom, so far divided by nature, and for which we shall set up trophies in another conquered world?
With every drop of water you drink, every breath you take, you're connected to the sea. No matter where on Earth you live. Most of the oxygen in the atmosphere is generated by the sea.
No man should bring children into the world who is unwilling to persevere to the end in their nature and education.
Anything created by human beings is already in the great book of nature.
Wild nature... is enriched by sensuality.
Should you shield the canyons from the windstorms you would never see the true beauty of their carvings.
O, wind, if winter comes, can spring be far behind?
Bald as the bare mountain tops are bald, with a baldness full of grandeur.
Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants.
What is a scientist after all? It is a curious man looking through a keyhole, the keyhole of nature, trying to know what's going on.
It seems to be a law of nature, inflexible and inexorable, that those who will not risk cannot win.
My art is an attempt to reach beyond the surface appearance. I want to see growth in wood, time in stone, nature in a city, and I do not mean its parks but a deeper understanding that a city is nature too-the ground upon which it is built, the stone with which it is made.
Age is not measured by years. Nature does not equally distribute energy. Some people are born old and tired while others are going strong at seventy.
The willow is my favorite tree. I grew up near one. It's the most flexible tree in nature and nothing can break it - no wind, no elements, it can bend and withstand anything.
No one can feel more gratefully the charm of noble scenery, or the refreshment of escape into the unspoiled solitudes of nature, than the laborer at some close in-door employment.
I like to sit in my backyard. I go out on the hammock and sit in silence and kind of meditate. Nature is calming, and it's nice to go out there and clear my head.
The love story for me was the nature of the love and not the age of the lovers.
I love my pets, and I'm a big animal lover. I also enjoy the nature and countryside.
Just as Darwin discovered the law of development of organic nature, so Marx discovered the law of development of human history: the simple fact, hitherto concealed by an overgrowth of ideology, that mankind must first of all eat, drink, have shelter and clothing, before it can pursue politics, science, art, religion, etc.
Nothing is given to man on earth - struggle is built into the nature of life, and conflict is possible - the hero is the man who lets no obstacle prevent him from pursuing the values he has chosen.
It's either I have to be in the trees or in the ocean, otherwise I lose my mind. I have to get connected with nature, otherwise I don't feel very good. And that's what life's about, feeling good, so nature knows best for me.
Tribe follows tribe, and nation follows nation, like the waves of the sea. It is the order of nature, and regret is useless.
Pure drawing is an abstraction. Drawing and colour are not distinct, everything in nature is coloured.
Nature creates while destroying, and doesn't care whether it creates or destroys as long as life isn't extinguished, as long as death doesn't lose its rights.
By the time we get to the 2040s, we'll be able to multiply human intelligence a billionfold. That will be a profound change that's singular in nature. Computers are going to keep getting smaller and smaller. Ultimately, they will go inside our bodies and brains and make us healthier, make us smarter.
For me, surfing is as close a connection I can have with Mother Nature. To surf, you're riding a pulse of energy from Mother Nature. And it's strong. It's real. It's there. And you're dancing with that. You're connecting with that. You're might be the only person in the history of the universe that connects with that particular pulse of energy.
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.
The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the preservation of his own nature; that is to say, of his own life.
I understood at a very early age that in nature, I felt everything I should feel in church but never did. Walking in the woods, I felt in touch with the universe and with the spirit of the universe.
The very nature of science is discoveries, and the best of those discoveries are the ones you don't expect.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Nature is not human hearted.
The fairest thing in nature, a flower, still has its roots in earth and manure.
Things don't just happen in this world of arising and passing away. We don't live in some kind of crazy, accidental universe. Things happen according to certain laws, laws of nature. Laws such as the law of karma, which teaches us that as a certain seed gets planted, so will that fruit be.
Repeal the Missouri Compromise - repeal all compromises - repeal the Declaration of Independence - repeal all past history, you still cannot repeal human nature. It will be the abundance of man's heart that slavery extension is wrong; and out of the abundance of his heart, his mouth will continue to speak.
Happiness is dependent on self-discipline. We are the biggest obstacles to our own happiness. It is much easier to do battle with society and with others than to fight our own nature.
He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden.
No other game combines the wonder of nature with the discipline of sport in such carefully planned ways. A great golf course both frees and challenges a golfer's mind.
There are always flowers for those who want to see them.
I'm concentrating on staying healthy, having peace, being happy, remembering what is important, taking in nature and animals, spending time reading, trying to understand the universe, where science and the spiritual meet.
Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature.
Scenery is fine - but human nature is finer.
For the mind disturbed, the still beauty of dawn is nature's finest balm.
Use those talents you have. You will make it. You will give joy to the world. Take this tip from nature: The woods would be a very silent place if no birds sang except those who sang best.
Once you see your nature, sex is basically immaterial.
By nature all men are equal in liberty, but not in other endowments.
All the perplexities, confusion and distress in America arise, not from defects in their Constitution or Confederation, not from want of honor or virtue, so much as from the downright ignorance of the nature of coin, credit and circulation.
Let a hundred flowers bloom, let a hundred schools of thought contend.
Saying 'I'm wrong' is meaningless unless it comes from our heart, not just our lips. That often requires a genuine and profound change within ourselves, because we need to realize it's simply human nature and that everyone makes mistakes.
Nature, philosophy and social issues are the three things that always occupy my mind. You do not have any power over others but can only change yourself.
It is in my nature to give the work I have all the discipline and due diligence that I am capable of.
I'm happiest walking through fields, on beaches, and over riverbanks. Nature is my surrogate mother.
It's human nature to take the easy route and leap at storage methods that promise quick and convenient ways to remove visible clutter. Putting things away creates the illusion that the clutter problem has been solved. But sooner or later, all the storage units are full, and the room once again overflows with things.
The desperate hunger our president has for approbation has led him to such lengths as claiming that God stopped the rain during his Inauguration. In fact, Mother Nature made sure it rained on Trump's hair the minute he started his speech.
Such is the nature of men, that howsoever they may acknowledge many others to be more witty, or more eloquent, or more learned; yet they will hardly believe there be many so wise as themselves.
The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased.
In northern architecture - the cathedrals of Europe and all the little churches - the details, the carving of stone, become necessary because the light is not there to help you very much. You have to enrich surfaces. The desert reduces form to its simplest nature. There is no need for gargoyles or flying buttresses in the desert.
I am into nature and seeing whales. I went whale-watching, and I was really looking forward to that, but when you see it on TV and you see other programs do it, you're seeing close-ups of these massive creatures, and the music that's added gives you a certain feeling.
The more that I looked at DNA, the more I realized it was nature and nurture. It's how genes and your environment work together to produce the person you are.
Mother Nature may be forgiving this year, or next year, but eventually she's going to come around and whack you. You've got to be prepared.
To photograph truthfully and effectively is to see beneath the surfaces and record the qualities of nature and humanity which live or are latent in all things.
Nature knows no pause in progress and development, and attaches her curse on all inaction.
All, all is theft, all is unceasing and rigorous competition in nature; the desire to make off with the substance of others is the foremost - the most legitimate - passion nature has bred into us and, without doubt, the most agreeable one.
The tree that is beside the running water is fresher and gives more fruit.
Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning.
Nature is relentless and unchangeable, and it is indifferent as to whether its hidden reasons and actions are understandable to man or not.
All souls are equal and alike and have the similar nature and qualities.
I love nature like nothing else. Before I moved to Switzerland, my home was a flat in London with a garden. In those snatched moments away from dance, I did typical weekend things like pruning, planting, and weeding. I planted fruit trees and even had a vegetable garden, but I wasn't around enough, so it was a disaster.
I am not bound for any public place, but for ground of my own where I have planted vines and orchard trees, and in the heat of the day climbed up into the healing shadow of the woods.
Having plants and flowers in my space makes me feel very calm and Zen. For me, it's important to meditate every morning to be very clear in the head, and nature really helps me do the same thing.
I think sometimes soap acting gets an unfair label for being bad and over the top. The lessons I learned there were so valuable. Seeing yourself every day on television, you learned what worked and didn't work, what was bad acting and what wasn't. Memorizing scripts became second nature.
I still get wildly enthusiastic about little things... I play with leaves. I skip down the street and run against the wind.
Slavery is founded in the selfishness of man's nature - opposition to it is his love of justice. These principles are an eternal antagonism; and when brought into collision so fiercely, as slavery extension brings them, shocks and throes and convulsions must ceaselessly follow.
Human nature is complex. Even if we do have inclinations toward violence, we also have inclination to empathy, to cooperation, to self-control.
The lake and the mountains have become my landscape, my real world.
In June as many as a dozen species may burst their buds on a single day. No man can heed all of these anniversaries; no man can ignore all of them.
When I pray, I always thank Mother Nature for all the beauty in the world. It's about having an attitude of gratitude.
We all have these shades in our nature: it's a spectrum within all of us.
We are all full of weakness and errors; let us mutually pardon each other our follies - it is the first law of nature.
My father considered a walk among the mountains as the equivalent of churchgoing.
Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo.
Science cannot solve the ultimate mystery of nature. And that is because, in the last analysis, we ourselves are a part of the mystery that we are trying to solve.
To copy Nature? A boy with a camera can do that. To get the spirit of Nature? A woodman or a shepherd can follow the trail of the whistling wind to hoarded sunshine in distant wolds. But to interpret Nature and inform it with a human personality that rises above it, invokes the divine in it, is the work of genius.
Every one in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her.
Wars will remain while human nature remains. I believe in my soul in cooperation, in arbitration; but the soldier's occupation we cannot say is gone until human nature is gone.
Nature shows that with the growth of intelligence comes increased capacity for pain, and it is only with the highest degree of intelligence that suffering reaches its supreme point.
It is not so much for its beauty that the forest makes a claim upon men's hearts, as for that subtle something, that quality of air that emanation from old trees, that so wonderfully changes and renews a weary spirit.
Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong.
When we think of the major threats to our national security, the first to come to mind are nuclear proliferation, rogue states and global terrorism. But another kind of threat lurks beyond our shores, one from nature, not humans - an avian flu pandemic.
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.
The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.
It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds.
A peace is of the nature of a conquest; for then both parties nobly are subdued, and neither party loser.
Human bodies are designed for regular physical activity. The sedentary nature of much of modern life probably plays a significant role in the epidemic incidence of depression today. Many studies show that depressed patients who stick to a regimen of aerobic exercise improve as much as those treated with medication.
Human subtlety will never devise an invention more beautiful, more simple or more direct than does nature because in her inventions nothing is lacking, and nothing is superfluous.
The good man is the friend of all living things.
Suffering is permanent, obscure and dark, And shares the nature of infinity.
None of us can claim to be fair and square in love - and I'm definitely not a hypocrite! Humans are built to evolve with time. It depends on the nature of the relationship you share with a person. It is there today, tomorrow it may be gone; c'est la vie.
Self-preservation is the first law of nature.
Twilight - a time of pause when nature changes her guard. All living things would fade and die from too much light or too much dark, if twilight were not.
For as the eyes of bats are to the blaze of day, so is the reason in our soul to the things which are by nature most evident of all.
To understand the nature of the people one must be a prince, and to understand the nature of the prince, one must be of the people.
By reading the scriptures I am so renewed that all nature seems renewed around me and with me. The sky seems to be a pure, a cooler blue, the trees a deeper green. The whole world is charged with the glory of God and I feel fire and music under my feet.
Japan, not only a mega-busy city that thrives on electronics and efficiency, actually has an almost sacred appreciation of nature. One must travel outside of Tokyo to truly experience the 'old Japan' and more importantly feel these aspects of Japanese culture.
The moral virtues, then, are produced in us neither by nature nor against nature. Nature, indeed, prepares in us the ground for their reception, but their complete formation is the product of habit.
The gross heathenism of civilization has generally destroyed nature, and poetry, and all that is spiritual.
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
Blue, green, grey, white, or black; smooth, ruffled, or mountainous; that ocean is not silent.
Even Kings and emperors with heaps of wealth and vast dominion cannot compare with an ant filled with the love of God.
Remember the Y2K bug? Ahhh, those were the days... I'll never forget that New Year's Eve. My wife and I were in Golden Bay dancing with her parents to Abba songs when suddenly, the rain began to fall. I took it as a sign from Mother Nature that everything was gonna be okay. Sure enough, the clock struck 12, and life went on as normal.
Little white lies are part of everyday life. If you're in court being charged with a felony, you're probably going to be tempted to lie. Or if your girlfriend asks you if the sweater she is wearing makes her look fat; you're going to lie because you love that person. There are different reasons and justifications to lie; it's human nature.
One who is kind is sympathetic and gentle with others. He is considerate of others' feelings and courteous in his behavior. He has a helpful nature. Kindness pardons others' weaknesses and faults. Kindness is extended to all - to the aged and the young, to animals, to those low of station as well as the high.
I am a generous man, by nature, and far more trusting than I should be. Indeed. The real world is risky territory for people with generosity of spirit. Beware.
Painting is by nature a luminous language.
I have seen the movement of the sinews of the sky, And the blood coursing in the veins of the moon.
That which is not good for the bee-hive cannot be good for the bees.
I have a nice car, a Mercedes. And then I have an old El Camino truck that I'm crazy about. I like to get in that truck and go up in the hills near where I live, in Vegas, and take my camera. That, to me, is Heaven, being out in nature, taking pictures of the wildlife.
Winter is nature's way of saying, 'Up yours.'
Sometimes nature guards her secrets with the unbreakable grip of physical law. Sometimes the true nature of reality beckons from just beyond the horizon.
Nature does nothing in vain.
What would be ugly in a garden constitutes beauty in a mountain.
I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.
For I have learned to look on nature, not as in the hour of thoughtless youth, but hearing oftentimes the still, sad music of humanity.
I am not a yachting person, by nature, but I have just enough experience on the sea under sail to feel a certain nostalgia for it when I see a big white racing yacht heeled over at cruising speed on the ocean, and I can still tie a mean bowline knot on just about anything in less than 10 seconds.
Learn from nature. Stuff lives and stuff dies all the time, you know. Animals and birds and flowers. Trees come and go, and we come and go. That's it. So we should all seize life and make the most of what we have while we can.
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind.
Art is contemplation. It is the pleasure of the mind which searches into nature and which there divines the spirit of which nature herself is animated.
I think a spiritual journey is not so much a journey of discovery. It's a journey of recovery. It's a journey of uncovering your own inner nature. It's already there.
True refuge is that which allows us to be at home, at peace, to discover true happiness. The only thing that can give us true refuge is the awareness and love that is intrinsic to who we are. Ultimately, it's our own true nature.
When I have a terrible need of - shall I say the word - religion. Then I go out and paint the stars.
Only the brave know how to forgive... a coward never forgave; it is not in his nature.
As I grew older, I realized that it was much better to insist on the genuine forms of nature, for simplicity is the greatest adornment of art.
Real shapes and real patterns are things you would observe in nature, like the marks on the back of a cobra's hood or the markings on a fish or a lizard. Imaginary shapes are just that, symbols that come to a person in dreams or reveries and are charged with meaning.
The landscape painter must walk in the fields with a humble mind. No arrogant man was ever permitted to see Nature in all her beauty.
Consistency is found in that work whose whole and detail are suitable to the occasion. It arises from circumstance, custom, and nature.
Simplicity is natures first step, and the last of art.
The waving of a pine tree on the top of a mountain - a magic wand in Nature's hand - every devout mountaineer knows its power; but the marvelous beauty value of what the Scotch call a breckan in a still dell, what poet has sung this?
Sunlight is painting.
Of course, when I say that human nature is gentleness, it is not 100 percent so. Every human being has that nature, but there are many people acting against their nature, being false.
That's another hallmark of truth, is that it snaps things together. People write to me all the time and say it's as if things were coming together in my mind. It's like the Platonic idea that all learning was remembering. You have a nature, and when you feel that nature articulated, it's it's like the act of snapping the puzzle pieces together.
It is wrong to think that the task of physics is to find out how Nature is. Physics concerns what we say about Nature.
These flowers, which were splendid and sprightly, waking in the dawn of the morning, in the evening will be a pitiful frivolity, sleeping in the cold night's arms.
A light wind swept over the corn, and all nature laughed in the sunshine.
Only by observing the laws of nature can mankind avoid costly blunders in its exploitation. Any harm we inflict on nature will eventually return to haunt us. This is a reality we have to face.
The message is not so much that the worms will inherit the Earth, but that all things play a role in nature, even the lowly worm.
The moon looks upon many night flowers; the night flowers see but one moon.
Physics is about questioning, studying, probing nature. You probe, and, if you're lucky, you get strange clues.
I'll walk where my own nature would be leading: It vexes me to choose another guide.
Revenge is a kind of wild justice, which the more a man's nature runs to, the more ought law to weed it out.
I'm not religious, but by nature I am spiritual. I'm an artist, and creativity seems to go hand in hand with spirituality. But I have a knee-jerk reaction against organized religions. Actually, I have knee-jerk reactions against anything that's organized.
Space offers extraordinary potential for commerce and adventure, for new innovations and new tests of will. As Americans, we can't help but reach for the stars. It's our nature. It's our destiny.
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define; we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.
I don't know why you'd want to say your work comes from nature, because art is related to perception, not nature. All abstract artists try to tell you that what they do comes from nature, and I'm always trying to tell you that what I do is completely abstract. We're both saying something we want to be true.
Things derive their being and nature by mutual dependence and are nothing in themselves.
To deal with these problems - of world population and hunger, of peace, of energy and mineral resources, of environmental pollution, of poverty - we must broaden and deepen our knowledge of nature's laws, and we must broaden and deepen our understanding of the laws of human behavior.
In business, I think the most important thing is to position yourself for long-term and not be too impatient, which I am by nature, and I have to control myself.
I saw old Autumn in the misty morn stand shadowless like silence, listening to silence.
Nature is a book, a letter, a fairy tale (in the philosophical sense) or whatever you want to call it.
In the beginning you must subject yourself to the influence of nature. You must be able to walk firmly on the ground before you start walking on a tightrope.
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.
Pick a flower on Earth and you move the farthest star.
It's human nature that we come in our own flavours, and it doesn't make any sense to write a monochromatic or monocultural story unless you're doing something extremely small - a locked room-style story.
Military deployments have never been something to enjoy, but the consequence of the actions, the shared nature of the sacrifices, and the nobility of the cause are invigorating. To be clear, I'm not talking about the killing and the death; rather, the sense of purpose that pervades every action, reaction, and outcome.
Storms and darkness scared me, but somehow it encouraged me to learn about nature and I think nothing's dark, dark is beautiful too.
We glorify the Holy Ghost together with the Father and the Son, from the conviction that He is not separated from the Divine Nature; for that which is foreign by nature does not share in the same honors.
Life has loveliness to sell, all beautiful and splendid things, blue waves whitened on a cliff, soaring fire that sways and sings, and children's faces looking up, holding wonder like a cup.
Art will never be able to exist without nature.
Nature uses as little as possible of anything.
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift.
Colors are the smiles of nature.
Nature is inside art as its content, not outside as its model.
A morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books.
With the coming of spring, I am calm again.
Spring won't let me stay in this house any longer! I must get out and breathe the air deeply again.
Give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where I can walk undisturbed.
Birds sing after a storm; why shouldn't people feel as free to delight in whatever sunlight remains to them?
Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe loves nothing so much as to change the things which are, and to make new things like them.
Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit.
Free expression is the base of human rights, the root of human nature and the mother of truth. To kill free speech is to insult human rights, to stifle human nature and to suppress truth.
Yosemite Valley, to me, is always a sunrise, a glitter of green and golden wonder in a vast edifice of stone and space.
A beautiful lady is an accident of nature. A beautiful old lady is a work of art.
The Amen of nature is always a flower.
Delicious autumn! My very soul is wedded to it, and if I were a bird I would fly about the earth seeking the successive autumns.
Motherhood is more than bearing children, though it is certainly that. It is the essence of who we are as women. It defines our very identity, our divine stature and nature, and the unique traits our Father gave us.
We are by nature observers, and thereby learners. That is our permanent state.
There's something overwhelming about being in raw nature. It's got an aura about it is that is really kind of majestic and spiritual.
The bluebird carries the sky on his back.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
When nature has work to be done, she creates a genius to do it.
In wilderness I sense the miracle of life, and behind it our scientific accomplishments fade to trivia.
Nature uses only the longest threads to weave her patterns, so that each small piece of her fabric reveals the organization of the entire tapestry.
We still do not know one thousandth of one percent of what nature has revealed to us.
There is no greater power in Heaven or on Earth than pure, unconditional love. The nature of the God force, the unseen intelligence in all things, which causes the material world and is the center of both the spiritual and physical plane, is best described as pure, unconditional love.
It's my nature to be fearless.
One can ascend to a higher development only by bringing rhythm and repetition into one's life. Rhythm holds sway in all nature.
All men are by nature equal, made all of the same earth by one Workman; and however we deceive ourselves, as dear unto God is the poor peasant as the mighty prince.
As pessimistic as I am about the nature of human beings and our capacity for atrocity and malevolence and betrayal and laziness and inertia, and all those things, I think we can transcend all that and set things straight.
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature.
Nature gives you the face you have at twenty; it is up to you to merit the face you have at fifty.
There is something mean in human nature that prefers to think evil, that gives a willing ear and a ready welcome to calumny, a sort of jealousy of goodness and greatness and things of good report.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
Then not only custom, but also nature affirms that to do is more disgraceful than to suffer injustice, and that justice is equality.
To explain all nature is too difficult a task for any one man or even for any one age. 'Tis much better to do a little with certainty & leave the rest for others that come after you.
We should meet abuse by forbearance. Human nature is so constituted that if we take absolutely no notice of anger or abuse, the person indulging in it will soon weary of it and stop.
I have no hostility to nature, but a child's love to it. I expand and live in the warm day like corn and melons.
I experience a period of frightening clarity in those moments when nature is so beautiful. I am no longer sure of myself, and the paintings appear as in a dream.
Polka dots can't stay alone. When we obliterate nature and our bodies with polka dots, we become part of the unity of our environments.
Even with all our technology and the inventions that make modern life so much easier than it once was, it takes just one big natural disaster to wipe all that away and remind us that, here on Earth, we're still at the mercy of nature.
All men by nature desire knowledge.
We can actually accelerate the process through meditation, through the ability to find stillness through loving actions, through compassion and sharing, through understanding the nature of the creative process in the universe and having a sense of connection to it. So, that's conscious evolution.
I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.
Nature never breaks her own laws.
All cartoon characters and fables must be exaggeration, caricatures. It is the very nature of fantasy and fable.
Nature chooses who will be transgender; individuals don't choose this.
Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.
Everything in excess is opposed to nature.
Vaccines and antibiotics have made many infectious diseases a thing of the past; we've come to expect that public health and modern science can conquer all microbes. But nature is a formidable adversary.
Space exploration is a force of nature unto itself that no other force in society can rival.
I look around me and nowhere do I see a stamp of disapproval with which nature marked a woman's candid brow.
Storms of every sort, torrents, earthquakes, cataclysms, 'convulsions of nature,' etc., however mysterious and lawless at first sight they may seem, are only harmonious notes in the song of creation, varied expressions of God's love.
In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.
Sculpture is an art of the open air. Daylight, sunlight, is necessary to it, and for me, its best setting and complement is nature.
The number of stressors has multiplied exponentially: traffic, money, success, work/life balance, the economy, the environment, parenting, family conflict, relationships, disease. As the nature of human life has become far more complicated, our ancient stress response hasn't been able to keep up.
Water is the driving force of all nature.
Man is by nature a political animal.
The deviation of man from the state in which he was originally placed by nature seems to have proved to him a prolific source of diseases.
Ocean is more ancient than the mountains, and freighted with the memories and the dreams of Time.
I thoroughly enjoy getting away from the game and going out fishing because it's so relaxing, so quiet and peaceful. I mean, there's no noise other than nature - and it's so different from what I do in a tournament situation that it just eases my mind.
Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art.
Baseball gives every American boy a chance to excel, not just to be as good as someone else but to be better than someone else. This is the nature of man and the name of the game.
Perfect is very boring, and if you happen to have a different look, that's a celebration of human nature, I think. If we were all symmetrical and perfect, life would be very dull.
I've become more comfortable as time has gone on with saying goodbye because... I've been having so many conversations about the cyclical nature of life. It just keeps going.
Animals come from nature. They were not designed. All my inspiration comes from nature, whether it's an animal or the layout of bark or of a leaf. Sometimes my patterns are very bold, and you can barely see where they come from, but all the textures and all the prints come out of nature.
People is, I think, it's their nature - some people's nature, in a way, to be angry or jealous or just spiteful about somebody else's blessings.
We need no fanciful teaching regarding the personality of God. What God desires us to know of Him is revealed in His word and His works. The beautiful things of nature reveal His character and His power as Creator.
A bee is never as busy as it seems; it's just that it can't buzz any slower.
Nature is the fountain's head, the source from whence all originality must spring.
The skull is nature's sculpture.
Twilight drops her curtain down, and pins it with a star.
Experiences such as, 'I went; I came; I was; I did,' come naturally to everyone. From these experiences, does it not appear that the consciousness 'I' is the subject of those various acts? Enquiry into the true nature of that consciousness, and remaining as oneself, is the way to understand, through enquiry, one's true nature.
Nature is my manifestation of God. I go to nature every day for inspiration in the day's work. I follow in building the principles which nature has used in its domain.
Nature is a temple in which living columns sometimes emit confused words. Man approaches it through forests of symbols, which observe him with familiar glances.
Sorrows gather around great souls as storms do around mountains; but, like them, they break the storm and purify the air of the plain beneath them.
One day I undertook a tour through the country, and the diversity and beauties of nature I met with in this charming season, expelled every gloomy and vexatious thought.
Time spent in nature is the most cost-effective and powerful way to counteract the burnout and sort of depression that we feel when we sit in front of a computer all day.
Nothing is so beautiful as spring - when weeds, in wheels, shoot long and lovely and lush; Thrush's eggs look little low heavens, and thrush through the echoing timber does so rinse and wring the ear, it strikes like lightning to hear him sing.
We should attempt to bring nature, houses, and human beings together in a higher unity.
Parents, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles are made more powerful guides and rescuers by the bonds of love that are the very nature of a family.
One must ask children and birds how cherries and strawberries taste.
Leopard is an animal design, and my designs come from nature.
A rare experience of a moment at daybreak, when something in nature seems to reveal all consciousness, cannot be explained at noon. Yet it is part of the day's unity.
There are grounds for cautious optimism that we may now be near the end ofthe search for the ultimate laws of nature.
Happy the man whose wish and care a few paternal acres bound, content to breathe his native air in his own ground.
Borrow trouble for yourself, if that's your nature, but don't lend it to your neighbours.
In a culture fueled by burnout, a culture that has run itself down, our national resilience becomes compromised. And when our collective immune system is weakened, we become more susceptible to viruses that are part of every culture because they're part of human nature - fear-mongering, scapegoating, conspiracy theories, and demagoguery.
They are much to be pitied who have not been given a taste for nature early in life.
Over and over, nature shows that it's a really tough adversary. That's why it's important that we invest in laboratories, disease detectives, research, mosquito control, the public health system around the world to find, stop, track, prevent health threats.
One of the things I enjoy is the challenge of Mother Nature.
The wit makes fun of other persons; the satirist makes fun of the world; the humorist makes fun of himself, but in so doing, he identifies himself with people - that is, people everywhere, not for the purpose of taking them apart, but simply revealing their true nature.
The mind itself is of the form of all, i.e., of soul, God and world; when it becomes of the form of the Self through knowledge, there is release, which is of the nature of Brahman: this is the teaching.
This magnificent butterfly finds a little heap of dirt and sits still on it; but man will never on his heap of mud keep still.
I think that I do feel that my nature is to express what this self, this particular self at this time, experiences in the world. And that is so organic - I use this metaphor a lot but I'll use it again - it's like a pine tree producing pine cones, or a blackberry bush producing blackberries - it's just what happens with this being, now.
Don't be afraid in nature: one must be bold, at the risk of having been deceived and making mistakes.
The day, water, sun, moon, night - I do not have to purchase these things with money.
I realized that nature had invented reproduction as a mechanism for life to move forward, as a life force that passes right through us and makes us a link in the evolution of life. Rarely seen by the naked eye, this intersection between the animal world and the plant world is truly a magic moment.
The true nature of all wealth is temporary; those who have wealth must here and now do good deeds that will live for a long time.
The flower is the poetry of reproduction. It is an example of the eternal seductiveness of life.
Rio is an energetic, vibrant place, full of beauty and nature. But we face the kinds of problems any developing metropolis does - with pollution, traffic congestion, poverty. Distribution of green areas, for example, is not uniform. Madureira, the heart of the suburb in Rio, is a concrete jungle.
Walking in the mountains helps me unwind, but it also reminds me in a painful way that the real beauty in life is nature and animals, and that the human race, in all its arrogance, is intent on destroying it.
By its very nature the beautiful is isolated from everything else. From beauty no road leads to reality.
There is no gardening without humility. Nature is constantly sending even its oldest scholars to the bottom of the class for some egregious blunder.
A national park is not a playground. It's a sanctuary for nature and for humans who will accept nature on nature's own terms.
There is always another way to say the same thing that doesn't look at all like the way you said it before. I don't know what the reason for this is. I think it is somehow a representation of the simplicity of nature.
There is but one law for all, namely that law which governs all law, the law of our Creator, the law of humanity, justice, equity - the law of nature and of nations.
Nature is infinitely creative. It is always producing the possibility of new beginnings.
I call myself a naturalist as opposed to an atheist, but there are different styles. Some people just like to be close to nature. And some people actually worship nature, which is too wishy-washy because - like a lot of religious believers - they don't depend on facts.
For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable.
When I see a bird that walks like a duck and swims like a duck and quacks like a duck, I call that bird a duck.
You're not a product of your nature. That is your genetic makeup or your nurture, the things that have happened to you. Of course those things affect you powerfully, but they do not determine you.
One cannot long remain so absorbed in contemplation of emptiness without being increasingly attracted to it. In vain, one bestows on it the name of infinity; this does not change its nature.
That's human nature - the ups and downs.
From my experience, I cannot doubt but that man, when lost to terrestrial consciousness, is indeed sojourning in another and uncorporeal life of far different nature from the life we know; and of which only the slightest and most indistinct memories linger after waking.
The world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful.
Zoos are becoming facsimiles - or perhaps caricatures - of how animals once were in their natural habitat. If the right policies toward nature were pursued, we would need no zoos at all.
A hen is only an egg's way of making another egg.
The world, when you look at it, it just can't be random. I mean, it's so different than the vast emptiness that is everything else, and even all the other planets we've seen, at least in our solar system, none of them even remotely resemble the precious life-giving nature of our own planet.
Behind every cloud is another cloud.
Technology is neutral and sterile. Now, technology is the nature of modern man; it is our environment and our horizon. Of course, every work of man is a negation of nature, but at the same time, it is a bridge between nature and us. Technology changes nature in a more radical and decisive manner: it throws it out.
It is often my nature to be abstract, hidden in plain sight, or nowhere at all.
Musicals are, by nature, theatrical, meaning poetic, meaning having to move the audience's imagination and create a suspension of disbelief, by which I mean there's no fourth wall.
In our own time it has been seen... that simple children, roughly brought up in the wilderness, have begun to draw by themselves, impelled by their own natural genius, instructed solely by the example of these beautiful paintings and sculptures of Nature.
I want a permanent relationship, and I might feel inclined to reject anything which of its nature could not be permanent.
Gray skies are just clouds passing over.
Those who find beauty in all of nature will find themselves at one with the secrets of life itself.
Art is man's nature; nature is God's art.
Nature is forever arriving and forever departing, forever approaching, forever vanishing; but in her vanishings there seems to be ever the waving of a hand, in all her partings a promise of meetings farther along the road.
We must consider the distinctive characters and the general nature of plants from the point of view of their morphology, their behavior under external conditions, their mode of generation, and the whole course of their life.
There are good intentions behind many people's conversion to veganism, including an admirable devotion to the well-being of animals and a justified skepticism about the crap the USDA allows manufacturers to put in our food. But it's hard to ignore the often sanctimonious nature of what some nutritionists view as an 'extremist' way of eating.
My dream is to save women from nature.
Behold the child, by Nature's kindly law pleased with a rattle, tickled with a straw.
What would be left of our tragedies if an insect were to present us his?
I was very into animals and nature, and really obsessed with cats and monkeys. I used to play in the woods, wander off into the woods for hours. I'd bring a clipboard and think that I was doing some work out there, following the trails of raccoons or collecting bird feathers.
Nature is the art of God.
This is a day of little faith - of few convictions - a day when men seem to have no great causes and no great passions. So in frustration, in disappointment, they are inclined to say, 'You can't change human nature.' It is true that we cannot change human nature. But God can.
Natural selection shaped the human brain to be drawn toward aspects of nature that enhance our survival and reproduction, like verdant landscapes and docile creatures. There is no payoff to getting the warm fuzzies in the presence of rats, snakes, mosquitoes, cockroaches, herpes simplex and the rabies virus.
My position has always been that the way people age and the signs that we show of aging is nature's way of tattooing. It's natural scarification, and the life you lead gives you the symbols and the emblems of your life, the road map you followed.
To be rude to someone is not my nature.
Though pleas'd to see the dolphins play, I mind my compass and my way.
It is the nature of babies to be in bliss.
My house is run, essentially, by an adopted, fully clawed cat with a mean nature.
When you have seen one ant, one bird, one tree, you have not seen them all.
Beauty for some provides escape, who gain a happiness in eyeing the gorgeous buttocks of the ape or Autumn sunsets exquisitely dying.
Even in winter an isolated patch of snow has a special quality.
Religion is among the most beautiful and most natural of all things - that religion which 'sees God in clouds and hears Him in the wind,' which endows every object of sense with a living soul, which finds in the system of nature whatever is holy, mysterious and venerable, and inspires the bosom with sentiments of awe and veneration.
Relying on the face might be human nature - even babies prefer to look at attractive people. But, of course, judging someone based on the geometry of his features is, from a moral and legal standpoint, no better than judging him based on the color of his skin.
And finally Winter, with its bitin', whinin' wind, and all the land will be mantled with snow.
Those of us raised in modern cities tend to notice horizontal and vertical lines more quickly than lines at other orientations. In contrast, people raised in nomadic tribes do a better job noticing lines skewed at intermediate angles, since Mother Nature tends to work with a wider array of lines than most architects.
The fulness of the godhead dwelt in every blade of grass.
The fall is my favorite time of year. I love the colors. The sun is out, you get warmth on your skin but there's the coolness of the breeze. It's really comfortable.
I think I have a normal threshold of anger, but it's true that I am, by nature, belligerent.
All a musician can do is to get closer to the sources of nature, and so feel that he is in communion with the natural laws.
I mean, if a person acts irresponsibly in his own life, he will pay the consequences. And it's not so much divine retribution as it's built into the law of nature.
It's a great event to get outside and enjoy nature. I find it very exciting no matter how many times I see bald eagles.
Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us.
The further we distance ourselves from the spell of the present, explored by our senses, the harder it will be to understand and protect nature's precarious balance, let alone the balance of our own human nature.
Bats drink on the wing, like swallows, by sipping the surface, as they play over pools and streams.
People from a planet without flowers would think we must be mad with joy the whole time to have such things about us.
We may brave human laws, but we cannot resist natural ones.
The majority of modern medicines originate in nature. Although some mushrooms have been used in therapies for thousands of years, we are still discovering new potential medicines hidden within them.
The mind, in proportion as it is cut off from free communication with nature, with revelation, with God, with itself, loses its life, just as the body droops when debarred from the air and the cheering light from heaven.
All the universe is full of the lives of perfect creatures.
There's always a period of curious fear between the first sweet-smelling breeze and the time when the rain comes cracking down.
Autumn's the mellow time.
The sun, the earth, love, friends, our very breath are parts of the banquet.
The beautiful spring came; and when Nature resumes her loveliness, the human soul is apt to revive also.
Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
I want to do with you what spring does with cherry trees.
Becoming a mother has been the best thing ever for me. It's become my life's work. Not just parenting, but sharing information and encouraging other women to be receptive to the basic nature of motherhood.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
Earth is a flower and it's pollinating.
One could not pluck a flower without troubling a star.
Human judges can show mercy. But against the laws of nature, there is no appeal.
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
The counterfeit and counterpart of Nature is reproduced in art.
Night comes to the desert all at once, as if someone turned off the light.
'Healing,' Papa would tell me, 'is not a science, but the intuitive art of wooing nature.'
Swans sing before they die - 'twere no bad thing should certain persons die before they sing.
There were no temples or shrines among us save those of nature.
Human nature is potentially aggressive and destructive and potentially orderly and constructive.
If you look at life with any honesty and intelligence, it's clear that human nature is dark, vile, selfish, and despondent. But I also see a force in human nature, namely grace, that sometimes works against our natural moral entropy.
Our treasure lies in the beehive of our knowledge. We are perpetually on the way thither, being by nature winged insects and honey gatherers of the mind.
Spring beckons! All things to the call respond; the trees are leaving and cashiers abscond.
There are no lines in nature, only areas of colour, one against another.
Everybody makes mistakes, but when goalkeepers make them, it is costly. That's the nature of being a goalkeeper.
Trees are the earth's endless effort to speak to the listening heaven.
Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.'
I go to nature to be soothed and healed, and to have my senses put in order.
Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'
See that the imagination of nature is far, far greater than the imagination of man.
It is not my nature, when I see a people borne down by the weight of their shackles - the oppression of tyranny - to make their life more bitter by heaping upon them greater burdens; but rather would I do all in my power to raise the yoke than to add anything that would tend to crush them.
Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley.
The groves were God's first temples.
Art is not merely an imitation of the reality of nature, but in truth a metaphysical supplement to the reality of nature, placed alongside thereof for its conquest.
The stars, that nature hung in heaven, and filled their lamps with everlasting oil, give due light to the misled and lonely traveller.
Denial helps us to pace our feelings of grief. There is a grace in denial. It is nature's way of letting in only as much as we can handle.
To know what that true self is without social pressure is to know your true nature.
If you can't be in awe of Mother Nature, there's something wrong with you.
Sex is a part of nature. I go along with nature.
Despise not death, but welcome it, for nature wills it like all else.
There is more of good nature than of good sense at the bottom of most marriages.
You can't be suspicious of a tree, or accuse a bird or a squirrel of subversion or challenge the ideology of a violet.
The sun, too, shines into cesspools and is not polluted.
All of nature begins to whisper its secrets to us through its sounds. Sounds that were previously incomprehensible to our soul now become the meaningful language of nature.
I care to live only to entice people to look at Nature's loveliness. Heaven knows that John the Baptist was not more eager to get all his fellow sinners into the Jordan than I to baptize all of mine in the beauty of God's mountains.
Occurrences in this domain are beyond the reach of exact prediction because of the variety of factors in operation, not because of any lack of order in nature.
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble; in a statue the marble must be like flesh.
Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush.
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring.
I'm so not stylish by nature, but I've learned to work with what I have.
Feminism is doomed to failure because it is based on an attempt to repeal and restructure human nature.
You can hold yourself back from the sufferings of the world, that is something you are free to do and it accords with your nature, but perhaps this very holding back is the one suffering you could avoid.
There is an electric fire in human nature tending to purify - so that among these human creatures there is continually some birth of new heroism. The pity is that we must wonder at it, as we should at finding a pearl in rubbish.
I did not grow up around computers, so technology was not a tool used every day in my household. I was drawn to computer science due to the creative nature of programming and the technology focus.
I have always understood the Nazis because I am of that sort by nature.
The way of the Creative works through change and transformation, so that each thing receives its true nature and destiny and comes into permanent accord with the Great Harmony: this is what furthers and what perseveres.
Nature never did betray the heart that loved her.
The real cure for our environmental problems is to understand that our job is to salvage Mother Nature. We are facing a formidable enemy in this field. It is the hunters... and to convince them to leave their guns on the wall is going to be very difficult.
Everything is blooming most recklessly; if it were voices instead of colors, there would be an unbelievable shrieking into the heart of the night.
Nature never deceives us; it is we who deceive ourselves.
The nature of the human mind is such that unless it is stimulated by images of things acting upon it from without, all remembrance of them passes easily away.
Whatever you are by nature, keep to it; never desert your line of talent. Be what nature intended you for, and you will succeed.
I was terrible in English. I couldn't stand the subject. It seemed to me ridiculous to worry about whether you spelled something wrong or not, because English spelling is just a human convention - it has nothing to do with anything real, anything from nature.
Philosophy would render us entirely Pyrrhonian, were not nature too strong for it.
No man has received from nature the right to command his fellow human beings.
Nothing is art if it does not come from nature.
Having been in the restaurant business, our job in the restaurant business is to be responsible for our customers' happiness. It's the nature of the hospitality business. You need to take care of people. You take care of customers above all others. Customers are your lifeblood.
The world is too much with us; late and soon, getting and spending, we lay waste our powers: Little we see in Nature that is ours.
What we call Man's power over Nature turns out to be a power exercised by some men over other men with Nature as its instrument.
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.
The poetry of the earth is never dead.
You can't just let nature run wild.
Music is like nuclear plants. In a way, it's true! Music is totally artificial. Still using some material from nature, a piano is assembled with wood and iron. Nuclear power uses material from nature, but it's been manipulated by humans, and it produces something unnatural.
Sharks are among the most perfectly constructed creatures in nature. Some forms have survived for two hundred million years.
I suppose we need not go mourning the buffaloes. In the nature of things, they had to give place to better cattle, though the change might have been made without barbarous wickedness.
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled.
Death, like birth, is a secret of Nature.
I've made an odd discovery. Every time I talk to a savant I feel quite sure that happiness is no longer a possibility. Yet when I talk with my gardener, I'm convinced of the opposite.
And the heart that is soonest awake to the flowers is always the first to be touch'd by the thorns.
Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master; thus your art must be, as it were, God's grandchild.
The most important thing is the indigenous people are not vindictive by nature. We are not here to oppress anybody - but to join together and build Bolivia, with justice and equality.
Nations, like individuals in a state of nature, are equal and independent, possessing certain rights and owing certain duties to each other.
The ocean is a mighty harmonist.
Nature is an infinite sphere of which the center is everywhere and the circumference nowhere.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
Those who look for the laws of Nature as a support for their new works collaborate with the creator.
When you go in search of honey you must expect to be stung by bees.
The moon is at her full, and riding high, Floods the calm fields with light. The airs that hover in the summer sky Are all asleep tonight.
Birds themselves are so interesting and intelligent, and they give so many cues without being verbal, so they say such great things. Feathers are superior to fur, even. They're so beautiful, and nature uses such amazing colors.
There is not a sprig of grass that shoots uninteresting to me.
Man is fully responsible for his nature and his choices.
The air soft as that of Seville in April, and so fragrant that it was delicious to breathe it.
What nature requires is obtainable, and within easy reach. It is for the superfluous we sweat.
Purity and simplicity are the two wings with which man soars above the earth and all temporary nature.
Teenagers watch and listen to all kinds of things. It is the nature of being a teenager to seek out intense stuff. Stuff about death and sex and love and fear. Teenagers are the bravest, most curious, most philosophical, most open-minded readers there are, which is why so many less-than-young adults like writing for them.
None of us is responsible for the complexion of his skin. This fact of nature offers no clue to the character or quality of the person underneath.
Mushrooms are miniature pharmaceutical factories, and of the thousands of mushroom species in nature, our ancestors and modern scientists have identified several dozen that have a unique combination of talents that improve our health.
Words, like nature, half reveal and half conceal the soul within.
The true treasure lies within. It is the underlying theme of the songs we sing, the shows we watch and the books we read. It is woven into the Psalms of the Bible, the ballads of the Beatles and practically every Bollywood film ever made. What is that treasure? Love. Love is the nature of the Divine.
I can't go against my nature because I am what I am. I don't try to be anyone different to who I am.
In my own life, I think legends of supernatural, mythic things are really just a manifestation of the collective unconscious. So I don't really get freaked out. I mean certainly, you read about things people did to each other in the pursuit of some mystical or occult goal, and it's horrifying. But that's just human nature.
All are but parts of one stupendous whole, Whose body Nature is, and God the soul.
To cherish what remains of the Earth and to foster its renewal is our only legitimate hope of survival.
Giant oak trees... have deep root systems that can extend two-and-one-half times their height. Such trees rarely are blown down regardless of how violent the storms may be.
Man is the unnatural animal, the rebel child of nature, and more and more does he turn himself against the harsh and fitful hand that reared him.
The perfect knowledge of events cannot be acquired without divine inspiration, since all prophetic inspiration receives its prime motivating force from God the creator, then from good fortune and nature.
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
Sport is a wonderful metaphor for life. Of all the sports that I played - skiing, baseball, fishing - there is no greater example than golf, because you're playing against yourself and nature.
Nature was here a series of wonders, and a fund of delight.
If nature were a bank, they would have already rescued it.
Middle age is the awkward period when Father Time starts catching up with Mother Nature.
A drunkard in the gutter is just where he ought to be, according to the fitness and tendency of things. Nature has set upon him the process of decline and dissolution by which she removes things which have survived their usefulness.
I remember a hundred lovely lakes, and recall the fragrant breath of pine and fir and cedar and poplar trees. The trail has strung upon it, as upon a thread of silk, opalescent dawns and saffron sunsets.
You may make some mistakes - but that doesn't make you a sinner. You've got the very nature of God on the inside of you.
Nothing in the universe is contingent, but all things are conditioned to exist and operate in a particular manner by the necessity of the divine nature.
Only that thing is free which exists by the necessities of its own nature, and is determined in its actions by itself alone.
Failure is nature's plan to prepare you for great responsibilities.
The earth has received the embrace of the sun and we shall see the results of that love.
My nature just changes.
Stupidity is something unshakable; nothing attacks it without breaking itself against it; it is of the nature of granite, hard and resistant.
Except during the nine months before he draws his first breath, no man manages his affairs as well as a tree does.
What is government itself but the greatest of all reflections on human nature?
An attack upon our ability to tell stories is not just censorship - it is a crime against our nature as human beings.
Necessity is the mistress and guide of nature. Necessity is the theme and inventress of nature, her curb and her eternal law.
Before the tribunal of nature, a man has no more right to life than a rattlesnake; he has no more right to liberty than any wild beast; his right to the pursuit of happiness is nothing but a license to maintain the struggle for existence, if he can find within himself the powers with which to do it.
Whatsoever is contrary to nature is contrary to reason, and whatsoever is contrary to reason is absurd.
Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature.
It was Einstein's dream to discover the grand design of the universe, a single theory that explains everything. However, physicists in Einstein's day hadn't made enough progress in understanding the forces of nature for that to be a realistic goal.
In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments; there are consequences.
The salary of the chief executive of a large corporation is not a market award for achievement. It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal gesture by the individual to himself.
The view of Earth is spectacular.
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature.
No further evidence is needed to show that 'mental illness' is not the name of a biological condition whose nature awaits to be elucidated, but is the name of a concept whose purpose is to obscure the obvious.
All men are by nature born equally free and independent.
In nature, when you conduct science, it is the natural world that is the ultimate decider in what is true and what is not.
I'm very competitive by nature. And I like to be the underdog - It's the best way to win. To come from behind and win is a great feeling!
For me, the study of these laws is inseparable from a love of Nature in all its manifestations.
Besides what I do, I love fishing; I love bringing my children to the forest, getting outdoors in nature. Get outside, people! Stop looking at screens.
I knew, of course, that trees and plants had roots, stems, bark, branches and foliage that reached up toward the light. But I was coming to realize that the real magician was light itself.
Nothing makes me so happy as to observe nature and to paint what I see.
We talk of communing with Nature, but 'tis with ourselves we commune... Nature furnishes the conditions - the solitude - and the soul furnishes the entertainment.
The most beautiful as well as the most ugly inclinations of man are not part of a fixed biologically given human nature, but result from the social process which creates man.
Man seeks to change the foods available in nature to suit his tastes, thereby putting an end to the very essence of life contained in them.
Man, I'm a conspiracy theorist by nature. You can't experience the federal penal system and not be somewhat skeptical.
Beauty is our weapon against nature; by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion. Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature.
The nature of having ideas and creativity is incredibly inspiring.
I have a bit of a rebellious nature.
Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye... it also includes the inner pictures of the soul.
Unless a tree has borne blossoms in spring, you will vainly look for fruit on it in autumn.
Beauty and seduction, I believe, is nature's tool for survival, because we will protect what we fall in love with.
One of the great advantages of cremation - apart from all sanitary conditions - lies in the swift restoration to Mother Nature of the material elements composing the physical and astral corpses, brought about by the burning.
Our behavior toward each other is the strangest, most unpredictable, and most unaccountable of all the phenomena with which we are obliged to live. In all of nature, there is nothing so threatening to humanity as humanity itself.
This is a fundamental view of the world. It says that when you build a thing you cannot merely build that thing in isolation, but must repair the world around it, and within it, so that the larger world at that one place becomes more coherent, and more whole; and the thing which you make takes its place in the web of nature, as you make it.
When I'm off the road, my husband and I recharge our batteries. It's a day of deep rest and connection with the spiritual, and that can be anything - going for a walk in nature, being in silence, burning incense.
I get my best ideas in a thunderstorm. I have the power and majesty of nature on my side.
And Fall, with her yeller harvest moon and the hills growin' brown and golden under a sinkin' sun.
Every song has a composer, every book has an author, every car has a maker, every painting has a painter, and every building has a builder. So it isn't irrational to take this simple logic a little further and say that nature must have had a Maker. It would be irrational to believe that it made itself.
I think we are bound to, and by, nature. We may want to deny this connection and try to believe we control the external world, but every time there's a snowstorm or drought, we know our fate is tied to the world around us.
The cool wind blew in my face and all at once I felt as if I had shed dullness from myself. Before me lay a long gray line with a black mark down the center. The birds were singing. It was spring.
I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers.
I sit astride life like a bad rider on a horse. I only owe it to the horse's good nature that I am not thrown off at this very moment.
All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.
Nature is filled with tendencies and obstructions. Extremes beget limitations, even as a river by its own swiftness creates obstructions for itself.
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
The historic ascent of humanity, taken as a whole, may be summarized as a succession of victories of consciousness over blind forces - in nature, in society, in man himself.
Get a composter and let nature breakdown your compostable trash and use the remains as mulch for your plants.
Human nature is not nearly as bad as it has been thought to be.
I love being outdoors. I love listening to the crickets. I want to embrace nature.
The possibility of a scientific treatment of history means a wider experience, a greater maturity of practical reason, and finally a fuller realization of certain basic ideas regarding the nature of life and time.
The communism of Karl Marx would probably be actually the best for everybody as a whole. But what he didn't figure into was human nature, and that's what corrupts it.
Stay away from milk. It is nature's perfect food - but only if you are a calf.
I think I've got a real love thing going. I love people, I love life, and I love nature, and I can't see why other people can't be like that.
You can get an idea of human nature only when you can see the relationship of the individual human being to the whole cosmos.
I say you don't need religion, or political ideology, to understand human nature. Science reveals that human nature is greedy and selfish, altruistic and helpful.
Occasionally I have come across a last patch of snow on top of a mountain in late May or June. There's something very powerful about finding snow in summer.
What we observe is not nature itself, but nature exposed to our method of questioning.
A woodland in full color is awesome as a forest fire, in magnitude at least, but a single tree is like a dancing tongue of flame to warm the heart.
Nature's imagination is so boundless compared to our own meager human imagination.
I do believe very strongly that all of us and all of the other things in the context of our planet with Mother Nature, all of these things absolutely have a profound effect.
To be in the woods is a special thing. And also just the concept of wilderness as a necessary opposite in a kind of global dialectic. I want there to be wilderness where there are no humans in a world like this. So nature is super important.
I have pets, but they're the really ordinary sort - yellow Labrador, tabby cat, white rabbit, a few goldfish - that kind of stuff. Nothing very... extravagant or unusual or exotic, but I find, in terms of inspiration, Mother Nature is just it.
But more wonderful than the lore of old men and the lore of books is the secret lore of ocean.
It is human nature to think wisely and act in an absurd fashion.
Mountains are earth's undecaying monuments.
Resistance is feasible even for those who are not heroes by nature, and it is an obligation, I believe, for those who fear the consequences and detest the reality of the attempt to impose American hegemony.
Let us permit nature to have her way. She understands her business better than we do.
Covetousness is both the beginning and the end of the devil's alphabet - the first vice in corrupt nature that moves, and the last which dies.
For myself I hold no preferences among flowers, so long as they are wild, free, spontaneous. Bricks to all greenhouses! Black thumb and cutworm to the potted plant!
Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative.
Poor, dear, silly Spring, preparing her annual surprise!
Nature is based on harmony. So it says if we want to survive and become more like nature, then we actually have to understand that it's cooperation versus competition.
Love is a chain of love as nature is a chain of life.
Land really is the best art.
Nature abhors annihilation.
Nothing graces the Christian soul so much as mercy; mercy as shown chiefly towards the poor, that thou mayest treat them as sharers in common with thee in the produce of nature, which brings forth the fruits of the earth for use to all.
Looking at the world from other species' points of view is a cure for the disease of human self-importance. You suddenly realize that consciousness - which we value and we consider the crowning achievement of nature, human consciousness - is really just another set of tools for getting along in the world.
There are only three integral views of the world: the religious, the materialistic, and the Islamic. They reflect three elemental possibilities (conscience, nature, and man), each of them manifesting itself as Christianity, materialism, and Islam.
None of us is guaranteed against failure or corruption of any kind; witness what's going on in the world in this moment, the follies of human nature and the failures of human nature.
I became passionate about nature filmmaking when I graduated from UCLA, and one of the things I always wanted to do was shoot really high quality film, so I got into time-lapse photography - so that means when you shoot a flower, you're shooting, like, one frame every twenty minutes, so that's basically two seconds of a film per day.
The very winds whispered in soothing accents, and maternal Nature bade me weep no more.
I'm a nature bug.
Hackers are becoming more sophisticated in conjuring up new ways to hijack your system by exploiting technical vulnerabilities or human nature. Don't become the next victim of unscrupulous cyberspace intruders.
Kind words are the music of the world. They have a power which seems to be beyond natural causes, as if they were some angel's song, which had lost its way and come on Earth, and sang on undyingly, smiting the hearts of men with sweetest wounds, and putting for the while an angel's nature into us.
For every person who has ever lived there has come, at last, a spring he will never see. Glory then in the springs that are yours.
My favourite thing about being in nature is that I feel so small and kind of insignificant.
Light in Nature creates the movement of colors.
Art and nature shall always be wrestling until they eventually conquer one another so that the victory is the same stroke and line: that which is conquered, conquers at the same time.
I haven't lost faith in human nature and I haven't decided to be less compassionate to strangers.
No, no, I don't watch football. The last time I tried watching was the last Super Bowl. The problem I have is, you know, the graphic nature of my imagination; when I watch and see them meeting head onto head, helmet onto helmet, what flashes through my mind is what's going on in their brains. It's like torture to me.
We still carry this old caveman-imprint idea that we're small, nature's big, and it's everything we can manage to hang on and survive. When big geophysical events happen - a huge earthquake, tsunami, or volcanic eruption - we're reminded of that.
Though actually the work of man's hands - or, more properly speaking, the work of his travelling feet, - roads have long since come to seem so much a part of Nature that we have grown to think of them as a feature of the landscape no less natural than rocks and trees.
In nature, there is no separation between design, engineering, and fabrication; the bone does it all.
Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business.
Nature has never read the Declaration of Independence. It continues to make us unequal.
The Universe is one great kindergarten for man. Everything that exists has brought with it its own peculiar lesson.
That's the nature of this business. Something that took ten years to make can crumble in an instant. It could be snatched away from you at any moment.
The Western day is indeed nearing when the inner science of self-control will be found as necessary as the outer conquest of nature. This new Atomic Age will see men's minds sobered and broadened by the now scientifically indisputable truth that matter is in reality a concentrate of energy.
For an Impressionist to paint from nature is not to paint the subject, but to realize sensations.
The learned is happy, nature to explore; The fool is happy, that he knows no more.
Nature is wont to hide herself.
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen.
All great chefs have two things in common. First, they respect nature as the true artist, and they are just cooks. Second, everything that they do is an extension of them as a person.
I wish that all of nature's magnificence, the emotion of the land, the living energy of place could be photographed.
Is there some principal of nature which states that we never know the quality of what we have until it is gone?
Things have a way of moving to the left, and then they move back to the right before somebody finds themselves in the center. That seems to be the nature of the creative world. It's not stagnant. I don't get upset about it.
If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth.
Nature hasn't gone anywhere. It is all around us, all the planets, galaxies and so on. We are nothing in comparison.
To any artist, worthy of the name, all in nature is beautiful, because his eyes, fearlessly accepting all exterior truth, read there, as in an open book, all the inner truth.
I do spend money. I like to spend money, on houses - on furnishing houses. And I love to give presents to people. It's just in my nature to be that way. I always spent money I had. And I always spent what I made. I'm not stingy.
I feel like I live a pretty quiet life. I like to focus on work and friends, and I love being in nature.
I will talk about two sets of things. One is how productivity and collaboration are reinventing the nature of work, and how this will be very important for the global economy. And two, data. In other words, the profound impact of digital technology that stems from data and the data feedback loop.
I have no idea where my pathetic nature comes from. If I thought about it too long, it would depress me.
No one wants to be picked at. At the end of the day, we're all human beings with feelings and emotions. Nobody wants to be critiqued and picked apart, but it's the nature of the business. It comes with the territory. For me, if they're not talking about you, that's where you can run into some trouble.
Autumn arrives in early morning, but spring at the close of a winter day.
The subtlety of nature is greater many times over than the subtlety of the senses and understanding.
This sunlight linked me through the ages to that past consciousness.
I was trying to be 27 at age 47, but God had to get rid of my vanity. I had trouble letting go of the old Lex physically. My human fleshly nature didn't want to let go of what had come to be billed as 'The Total Package.' I guess God had to help me get rid of the last remnant of that vanity and pride.
Nature is the master of talents; genius is the master of nature.
Mother Nature comes up against reality, and the reality is that the system doesn't work.
It's always difficult when you're working with Mother Nature, because you need to adapt to that.
The mystery is what prompted men to leave caves, to come out of the womb of nature.
For American foreign aid to become more effective, it must embrace the power of partnerships, access the transformative nature of free enterprise, and leverage the abundant resources that can come from the private sector.
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
What is excellence? It is about going a little beyond what we expect from ourselves. Part of the need for excellence is imposed on us externally by our customers. Our competition keeps us on our toes, especially when it is global in nature.
I think that in my plays you can come in for 20 minutes and get something out of it. I'd like to do a play that would run for days. I don't think time is that important. Nature doesn't hurry the sky, the changing clouds and sunsets.
A love of nature is a consolation against failure.
Tis distance lends enchantment to the view, and robes the mountain in its azure hue.
But you answer, that the Constitution recognizes property in slaves. It would be sufficient, then, to reply, that this constitutional recognition must be void, because it is repugnant to the law of nature and of nations.
Nature is a brilliant engineer and builder. It knows how to create seashells that are twice as strong as the most resistant ceramics human beings can manufacture, and it produces silk fibers five times stronger than steel. Nature also knows how to create multipurpose forms.
I consider nature a vast chemical laboratory in which all kinds of composition and decompositions are formed.
Hiking is something that I really, really like to do. It's distracting, you're in nature, and you get a nice workout that way. I would tell everyone to hike as much as they can - you just feel so much better when you get outdoors. I'm also into yoga.
One of the reasons I like living in Bangkok is that, although it's a megacity, it's very saturated with nature - the vast and brooding skies, the sudden storms and rains, the vegetation and even the animals that abound.
There's something attractive about making people temporarily forget their actual age by taking them out of their normal lives so completely. Doesn't travel, by its very nature, strive to do this?
I had to live in the desert before I could understand the full value of grass in a green ditch.
Being with nature opens us up to divine experience.
The nature of television is that it's a beast with a lot of opinions. I don't consider myself typecast any more than Neil Patrick Harris was as Doogie Howser or James Gandolifini is as Tony Soprano.
The sky lovingly smiles on the earth and her children.
He who climbs a cliff may die on the cliff, so what? Always a risk-taker by nature, now I became one by intent.
I love not man the less, but Nature more.
Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
As with other phases of nature, I have probably loved the rocks more than I have studied them.
How many thorns of human nature are bristling conceits, buds of promise grown sharp for want of congenial climate.
Nature teaches more than she preaches. There are no sermons in stones. It is easier to get a spark out of a stone than a moral.
In this business you have to develop a thick skin, but I'm always going to feel everything. It's my nature.
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
A certain number of people seek power over other people in a desperate attempt to find themselves. They fail, for self-discovery is spiritual in nature, not social or political. Authoritatively telling other people what to do is their distraction from an inner emptiness they can never fill.
Man has lost the capacity to foresee and to forestall. He will end by destroying the earth.
Good breeding is the result of good sense, some good nature, and a little self-denial for the sake of others.
Winter is not a season, it's an occupation.
For many years, I hated nature. As a student, I refused to put a plant anywhere - a living plant, that is. Dead plants were OK.
The people I don't understand are atheists. I go surfing and snowboarding, and I'm always around nature. I look at everything and think, 'Who couldn't believe there's a God? Is all this a mistake?' It just blows me away.
I'm not denying that monopolies are terrible things, but I am denying that it is readily easy to resolve them through legislation of that nature.
The sun, the moon and the stars would have disappeared long ago... had they happened to be within the reach of predatory human hands.
Solar power, wind power, the way forward is to collaborate with nature - it's the only way we are going to get to the other end of the 21st century.
To the artist there is never anything ugly in nature.
The scientist does not study nature because it is useful; he studies it because he delights in it, and he delights in it because it is beautiful.
Nature is a petrified magic city.
When you're outside, and everything is highland, it's like nature has its own sound, and that's one of my favorite sounds. I really loved sitting still silently outside, in a tree or in a bush, to just think.
Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while.
I'm a strong voice by nature. I'm sometimes a bull in a china shop.
We cannot command Nature except by obeying her.
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
A book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements and clumsy hands. so the librarian protects the books not only against mankind but also against nature and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion.
Laughter springs from the lawless part of our nature.
But is it not the fact that religion emanates from the nature, from the moral state of the individual? Is it not therefore true that unless the nature be completely exercised, the moral state harmonized, the religion cannot be healthy?
There's no night without stars.
Energy, like the biblical grain of the mustard-seed, will remove mountains.
By nature, I think I am a pretty private person, and that is what is hard even doing interviews for films that I really love doing, because in some ways, it diminishes the experience that I had.
There is an urgent need for a radical revision of our current concepts of the nature of consciousness and its relationship to matter and the brain.
This is part of the involuntary bargain we make with the world just by being alive. We get to experiences the splendor of nature, the beauty of art, the balm of love and the sheer joy of existence, always with the knowledge that illness, injury, natural disaster, or pure evil can end it in an instant for ourselves or someone we love.
There is no such thing as death. In nature nothing dies. From each sad remnant of decay, some forms of life arise so shall his life be taken away before he knoweth that he hath it.
He who does not become familiar with nature through love will never know her.
I'm very gregarious, but I love being in the hills on my own.
Even if one tree falls down it wouldn't affect the entire forest.
Man's heart away from nature becomes hard.
You make a decision whether you just work on the script and believe in every moment and pick out every moment, or if you sit down and memorize lines. Once you really dig into a script, learning lines becomes almost second nature.
I think any artist is a perfectionist by their nature.
I am not a contest-enterer by nature. But contests - and their entry fees - are often the main way literary journals raise money to, you know, publish their issues. So entering contests helps support the journal, which also helps support the writers they publish.
The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.
Fashion blogs are great, but I also take inspiration from movies, nature, everyday objects.
I've always regarded nature as the clothing of God.
I think Whitman more than any other poet possessed the gift of revealing to others the beauty of everything around us, the beauty of nature, the beauty of human beings.
Nature, of course, has its share in the life of the soul and in numerous manifestations deeply influences human life. But this natural life of the soul is peripheral, mere appendix to the material phenomena of nature.
There is the sky, which is all men's together.
The old cathedrals are good, but the great blue dome that hangs over everything is better.
The sea has neither meaning nor pity.
Moonlight is sculpture.
Ocean: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man - who has no gills.
The mastery of nature is vainly believed to be an adequate substitute for self mastery.
The truth is in nature, and I shall prove it.
As the poet said, 'Only God can make a tree,' probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
I am two with nature.
The man who interprets Nature is always held in great honor.
Each blade of grass has its spot on earth whence it draws its life, its strength; and so is man rooted to the land from which he draws his faith together with his life.
We do not see nature with our eyes, but with our understandings and our hearts.
As the twig is bent the tree inclines.
In the end, nature is inexorable: it has no reason to hurry and, sooner or later, it takes what belongs to it. Unconsciously and inflexibly obedient to its own laws, it doesn't know art, just as it doesn't know freedom, just as it doesn't know goodness.
In the matter of learning, the difference between the earnest and the careless student stands out clearly. The same holds true in the mastering of passion and the weaknesses to which our nature is subject, as in the acquiring of virtue.
Trees love to toss and sway; they make such happy noises.
I like trees because they seem more resigned to the way they have to live than other things do.
Speech is human nature itself, with none of the artificiality of written language.
On earth there is no heaven, but there are pieces of it.
Everything lives and lasts by the inner necessity of its being, by its own nature's need.
If I could choose, I'd be bare feet with animals all around me and living in a tree house. Like Tarzan and Jane, that's my dream. I'm at my happiest around nature.
Those little nimble musicians of the air, that warble forth their curious ditties, with which nature hath furnished them to the shame of art.
From a sequence of these individual patterns, whole buildings with the character of nature will form themselves within your thoughts, as easily as sentences.
Now where there are no parts, there neither extension, nor shape, nor divisibility is possible. And these monads are the true atoms of nature and, in a word, the elements of things.
Ayurveda is a sister philosophy to yoga. It is the science of life or longevity and it teaches about the power and the cycles of nature, as well as the elements.
Nature is more like a seesaw than a crystal, a never-ending conga line of bold moves and corrections.
All nature wears one universal grin.
I know the lands are lit, with all the autumn blaze of Goldenrod.
Where hast thou wandered, gentle gale, to find the perfumes thou dost bring?
I grew up in Belle Harbor, which is in New York City, but it has the most powerful sense of nature and seasons. It wasn't even the beach and the water. I just dreamt about everything that had to do with nature. I read about Thoreau.
Flowers are without hope. Because hope is tomorrow and flowers have no tomorrow.
Nothing can prepare you for the all-consuming nature of motherhood, and I am very aware of my good fortune, as I spent years fretting about whether I'd ever meet anyone to have a baby with.
Read nature; nature is a friend to truth.
During all these years there existed within me a tendency to follow Nature in her walks.
There is no forgiveness in nature.
The soul is one in its nature, but its entities are many.
My progress was rendered delightful by the sylvan elegance of the groves, chearful meadows, and high distant forests, which in grand order presented themselves to view.
Every mind was made for growth, for knowledge, and its nature is sinned against when it is doomed to ignorance.
But who can paint like Nature? Can imagination boast, amid its gay creation, hues like hers?
Anything that confirms for me the transitory nature of reality isn't bad. It's a good lesson in human hubris.
Nature did not gift us with a mighty Mekong like Thailand and Vietnam, with their vast and naturally fertile plains. Nature instead put our islands ahead of our neighbours in the path of typhoons from the Pacific.
Nature's music is never over; her silences are pauses, not conclusions.
I admire people who are, by nature, kind and fair to others.
Eagles commonly fly alone. They are crows, daws, and starlings that flock together.
Custom, that is before all law; Nature, that is above all art.
The stars that have most glory have no rest.
To be sure, the response of faith to revelation, which God grants to the creature he chooses and moves with his love, occurs in such a way that it is truly the creature that provides the response, with its own nature and its natural powers of love.
I consider myself to have been the bridge between the shotgun and the binoculars in bird watching. Before I came along, the primary way to observe birds was to shoot them and stuff them.
If we wish our nature to be free and joyous, we should bring our activities into same order.
Vanity is a vital aid to nature: completely and absolutely necessary to life. It is one of nature's ways to bind you to the earth.
There is no way to order chaos. It's the fundamental theory at the beginning and end of everything; it's the ultimate law of nature. There's no way to win against unpredictability, to suit up completely against accidents.
In nature there are few sharp lines.
Nature uses human imagination to lift her work of creation to even higher levels.
Those who made and endorsed our Constitution knew man's nature, and it is to their ideas, rather than to the temptations of utopia, that we must ask that our judges adhere.
Whether being battered by the surf or swimming through the gentle undulating surface of lakes, I find inspiration in the movement of water. Sometimes I think about the journey the water has traveled, reconnecting me to the larger cycles of nature.
My boy, one small breeze doesn't make a wind storm.
There is nothing in which the birds differ more from man than the way in which they can build and yet leave a landscape as it was before.
The story of civilization is, in a sense, the story of engineering - that long and arduous struggle to make the forces of nature work for man's good.
People in cities may forget the soil for as long as a hundred years, but Mother Nature's memory is long and she will not let them forget indefinitely.
It is written on the arched sky; it looks out from every star. It is the poetry of Nature; it is that which uplifts the spirit within us.
Let the gentle bush dig its root deep and spread upward to split one boulder.
Nature is neutral.
How beautiful the leaves grow old. How full of light and color are their last days.
How inappropriate to call this planet Earth when it is quite clearly Ocean.
From the day of the Declaration, the people of the North American union, and of its constituent states, were associated bodies of civilized men and Christians, in a state of nature, but not of anarchy.
The world is always in movement.
Nature is a good name for an effect whose cause is God.
Understanding the laws of nature does not mean that we are immune to their operations.
What law, what reason can deny that gift so sweet, so natural that God has given a stream, a fish, a beast, a bird?
Nature provides exceptions to every rule.
If you violate Nature's laws you are your own prosecuting attorney, judge, jury, and hangman.
It is only in the country that we can get to know a person or a book.
We try to exile ourselves more and more from nature - not always consciously: We build houses; we dismiss nature; nature has to be outside, because we're inside. God forbid something like a cockroach comes inside, or some dust.
Nothing is farther than earth from heaven; nothing is nearer than heaven to earth.
The little windflower, whose just opened eye is blue as the spring heaven it gazes at.
Of all those arts in which the wise excel, Nature's chief masterpiece is writing well.
Nature was my kindergarten.
What nature delivers to us is never stale. Because what nature creates has eternity in it.
A lot of people like snow. I find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water.
Having contemplated this admirable grove, I proceeded towards the shrubberies on the banks of the river, and though it was now late in December, the aromatic groves appeared in full bloom.
We talk of our mastery of nature, which sounds very grand; but the fact is we respectfully adapt ourselves, first, to her ways.
It was one of those perfect English autumnal days which occur more frequently in memory than in life.
We have the capacity to receive messages from the stars and the songs of the night winds.
In some mysterious way woods have never seemed to me to be static things. In physical terms, I move through them; yet in metaphysical ones, they seem to move through me.
To destroy is still the strongest instinct in nature.
The snow itself is lonely or, if you prefer, self-sufficient. There is no other time when the whole world seems composed of one thing and one thing only.
I drank the silence of God from a spring in the woods.
The earth is yet the place of the domicile of man and all the offspring of the first man.
I love the long grass coming up to meet the willows.
It's not just the effect of technology on the environment, on religion, on the economic structure, on society, on politics, etc. It's that everything now exists in technology to the point where technology is the new and comprehensive host of nature of life.
Sound is the vocabulary of nature.
Vegetation is the basic instrument the creator uses to set all of nature in motion.
Curiosity is the one thing invincible in Nature.
A tree is an incomprehensible mystery.
Maybe nature is fundamentally ugly, chaotic and complicated. But if it's like that, then I want out.
We are embedded in a biological world and related to the organisms around us.
Whenever the pressure of our complex city life thins my blood and numbs my brain, I seek relief in the trail; and when I hear the coyote wailing to the yellow dawn, my cares fall from me - I am happy.
My recollection of a hundred lovely lakes has given me blessed release from care and worry and the troubled thinking of our modern day. It has been a return to the primitive and the peaceful.
Relaxing, experiencing nature and laughing are what rejuvenate me and make me feel happy. I believe that when I feel happy, that's when I look beautiful... I make a point of laughing out loud every single day.
